Update command signing instructions in Tesla Fleet (#36775)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tesla_fleet.markdown

## Command signing

Certain vehicles, including all vehicles manufactured since late 2023, require vehicle commands to be signed with a private key. All actions on vehicle entities will fail with an error if this is required and the key has not been setup correctly.

The integration expects your private key to be located at `config/tesla_fleet.key`.

> Your public key must be added to each of your vehicles by visiting https://tesla.com/_ak/YOUR.DOMAIN and following the instructions in the Tesla app. you can read more about this process [here](https://developer.tesla.com/docs/fleet-api/endpoints/vehicle-commands#key-pairing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your public key must be added to each of your vehicles by visiting https://tesla.com/_ak/YOUR.DOMAIN and following the instructions in the Tesla app. You can read more about this process in the [Tesla developer documentation on vehicle commands](https://developer.tesla.com/docs/fleet-api/endpoints/vehicle-commands#key-pairing).
```
instead of "here", I would describe where the link leads to. Please improve the title if you feel I got it wrong.
